sorry, I haven't had English practice for two months, so I might have some problems with it now

1) про себе 
I have the education of a technological engineer. graduated from LNU with a bachelor's degree. I was first introduced to python at university. when I had free time, I often solved simple tasks on codevars. after graduating from the university, I realized that it could turn into a job and I started studying on my own. over time I realized that this was a bad idea, so I went to study and found good courses. at the moment, I already have some experience with frameworks such as Django, DRF, Flask, and other technologies.

2)очікування від роботи (expectations from work)
if not to mention the material part, I want the banal development of myself as an employee and developer. new experiences, new acquaintances are always cool.

2а) очікувана зарплата
as far as I know, the average salary for juniors is around 600, but I understand that it will be decided a little later based on my skills, so I'm always open to dialogue.

3)хоббі
I don't even know how to answer that. I like to cook. it relaxes and helps to distract. I also started going to the gym a month ago. and probably that's all. I don't think watching TV shows or videos on YouTube can be called a hobby.

4) чому пайтон
I chose Python because I liked its syntax. I got acquainted with this language when I was a student, and I liked this language precisely because of its appearance. it didn't need a strong background. Now I understand that this is one of the most popular languages with a great potential for development

5)сильні та слабкі сторони
i am hardworking I will not go to sleep until I have completed the work assigned to me. I'm not conflicted. I always try to find a common language in any situation. i like to learn I am interested in understanding new technologies.

if we talk about my weaknesses. it's a little difficult for me to communicate with people in person right away. it usually takes me a day or two to adapt and establish contact.

6)тім лід
I think this should be a person to whom you can turn for help if you have some kind of blocker at work. this person should adjust the team's work and work for the result.

7)причини звільнитись
constant unpaid overtime and poor treatment of employees. or when I have done all my work, and on top of that, other people's work is thrown at me on a constant basis.

8)проблема що вирішив
when i was studying at mate i had a team project. I was tempted to add Stripe to the project, this technology adds the possibility of online payments for the API. it was a new technology for me and it just so happened that this task brought the whole team to a standstill. until I fulfilled it, no one else could continue the work. I was lucky that by the time I received it, it was already the end of the working day, so I read a lot of documentation and watched a lot of tutorials, I went to bed at around 4 am, but I still completed my task, so that the team could continue to work.

yes, i have a few questions.
how will my internship go, will there be a mentor and what will be the work schedule?
what kind of team will I have, how many people will I have?
and maybe a few words about your project